Dad Zhiyuan, he's back.
Right
Zhiyuan invited me to his house every night
Dad has nothing against you falling in love
But when did you put your little boyfriend
Bring it back and show it to dad
Aren't you afraid of scaring him?
I haven't told him about our family yet
Dad?
You wait for me to go to his house to visit his family first
Can I bring him back to see you again?
Okay, look. Thank you, Dad
What about Aunt Zhiyuan?
how
Can't see me sitting here
Auntie sorry
Mom goes to the committee member's first job
Sit down and stand
Turn around and show me
With a flat chest and a flat butt, you can't give birth to a son at a glance
Mom, why are you talking like that?
What's the matter? Our neighbor marries a daughter-in-law
That is to continue the incense and have a son
What age is Auntie now?
It's the same with kids.
And we're all women, too.
It's a woman. What's wrong?
Women should be more
Take the initiative to take responsibility for the inheritance of men
What do you mean volunteer?